Added instructions to troubleshoot docker-compose development environ… (#414)
ministryofjustice/money-to-prisoners-common: README.rst

    workon money-to-prisoners-api

Troubleshooting Development Environement
----------------------------------------

> If you run into issues with the dockerisesd development environemnt, the following troubleshooting steps should reset the state.

Reviewer: nit: typos
```suggestion
If you run into issues with the dockerised development environment, the following troubleshooting steps should reset the state.
```

> * Remove existing service containers if they exist via ``docker-compose rm`` from money-to-prisoners-common root directory

Reviewer 2: I don't know if it's specific of my versions of `docker` but what I found that work is to run [`docker system prune`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/system_prune/) to remove images and yesterday not even that worked and I had to go nuclear and ru n `docker system prune --all` 💣 

It may be worth adding to this list after this as well.

Author: Pulling the base images, removing the current containers and rebuilding the service images should be sufficient to produce a fresh set of service containers on `docker-compose up`

Reviewer 2: I guess because of the `--no-cache build` that should be the case. I'll try this next time I run into a wobble 👌 - if that doesn't work we could always add `docker system prune` to the list ☺️
